
### PRESENT SIMPLE VS PRESENT CONTINUOUS
Scrivi la forma corretta dei verbi tra parentesi: PR: SIMPLE o PR. CONTINUOUS? 

1. I (love) this place. It (be) wonderful.   
	i loved this place. it will be wonderful

2. “What you ( do) here?”   “I (wait) for my sister.
	what are you doing here? "I'm waiting" 

3. They  (not want) to miss the beginning of the film  What time the film (start)?
	they dont' wanto to miss the beginnig of the film what time  DOSE  the fil start?

5. “Aunt Mary (come) this week?  I (not remember)
	is Aunt Mary coming this wekk? I don't remember

6. It ( hardly ever rain) in Sicily. It ( always be ) sunny
	IT hardly ever rains in sicly. it's always sunny 

7. The train (leave) at 4.00 o’ clock. 
	the train leaves at 4.00 o' clock

8. John (speak) to the German teacher at the moment____________________________________________
	John is speakgin 
  

### ENGLISH FUTURES  -  BE GOING TO##

Leggi le fasi con be going to  e scrivi  I (intenzione) o P (prediction)

1. I am going to work hard tomorrow   _____

2. Look at those clouds. It’s going to rain!  ____

3. I am going to tell the teacher about you! _____

4. Look! That car is going to crash! _____

5. I’ve decided. I am not going to get married. _____ 

### BE ABOUT TO

Scrivi frasi o domande con la forma corretta di be about to.

1. Jeremy and I / go home

____________________________________________________________________________ 

2.  The train /leave?

_____________________________________________________________________________

3. Look! -it snow

_____________________________________________________________________________

4. We have dinner

 

### BE GOING TO, PRESENT SIMPLE OR PRESENT CONTINUOUS FOR THE FUTURE?

Completa le frasi con la forma corretta dei verbi tra parentesi

1. My bus ARRIVES at 12.35 pm. (arrive)

2. I AM MEETING this evening. (meet)

3. Run! GOING TO MISS  You ______________( miss) the train. 

4. They’ve just decided. They  SPEIDING New Year’s Eve in New York. (spend)

5. The shops CLOSE at 6pm. (close)

6. She IS STARTING university next week. (start)

7.  My football team aren’t doing well this year. They AREN'T GOING TO WIN  the cup. ( not win)

8. Jade PLAYING (play) tennis with Mark next Saturday.

9. Look! That womman IS GOING TO fall off her bike.

  

### WILL 

Qual è la funzione comunicativa di ciascuna frase? Scrivi FF (Future fact), P (Prediction based on personal opinions) o S (Spontaneous decision).

1. **P**  I bet we won’t find a parking space.

2. FF The new art gallery will open next month.

3. P  I think I’ll get married in my thirties.

4. S  Oh, what a lovely top. I think I’ll buy it.

5. FF My mum will be 50 on the 5th June.

6. S  No, we won’t have pasta. Er… we’ll have a pizza instead. Two Margheritas, please.

7. P Some people believe that the world will end suddenly one day.

8. S It’s really cold here. I’ll put on my jacket!

  

### WILL OR BE GOING TO?

1. The baby  is too near the water – he **BE GOING TO FALL**  (fall) in.

2. It’s Greg’s birthday tomorrow.  – Is it?  **I'LL GET** (get) him a present when I’m out.

3. He promises that he **WILL BE**(be) a good boy on Saturday.

4. Your bag is open , Kate  - you **BE GOING TO LOSE**  (lose) your wallet.

5. By 2050, the world population **WILL BE** (be) about 20 billion.

6. I hope John **WILL PASS** (pass) his exam. He studied so hard!

7.  I am sure Sarah **WON'T NOT LEAVE** ( not leave) Jack. She loves him so much!

  
  